zigzag - %%%зигзаг; ( a line, course, or progression characterized by sharp turns first to one side and then to the other.; one of a series of such turns, as in a line or path.; proceeding or formed in a zigzag: zigzag stitches.;; bent; crinkled; crooked;);
zillion - %%%огромное количество; ( an extremely large, indeterminate number.; of, relating to, or amounting to a zillion.; (often plural) an extremely large but unspecified number, quantity, or amount: zillions of flies in this camp;; endless; myriad; uncounted;);
zoom - %%%зум; ( to move quickly or suddenly with a loud humming or buzzing sound: cars zooming by on the freeway.; to fly an airplane suddenly and sharply upward at great speed for a short distance, as in regaining altitude, clearing an obstacle, or signaling.; Movies, Television. to bring a subject, scene, etc., into closeup or cause it to recede into a long shot using a zoom lens  and while maintaining focus.;; buzz; dart; dash;);
zealot - %%%фанатик; ( a person who shows zeal. ; an excessively zealous  person; fanatic.;; die-hard; extremist; fanatic;);
zap - %%%убить; ( to bombard with electrical current, radiation, laser beams, etc.: The military has unsuccessfully tried using airborne lasers to zap missiles early in their flight.; to attack, defeat, kill, or destroy with sudden speed and force: Late frost can zap tender fruit buds.Real magic is not about wizards zapping each other with spells.; to cook or heat in a microwave oven: This coffee is almost cold—could you zap it for 30 seconds?;; exterminate; kill; slaughter;);
zeal - %%%рвение; ( fervor for a person, cause, or object; eager desire or endeavor; enthusiastic diligence;; ardor; determination; devotion;);
zealous - %%%ревностный; ( full of, characterized by, or due to zeal;  ardently active, devoted, or diligent.; filled with or inspired by intense enthusiasm or zeal;; ardent; avid; dedicated;);
zero - %%%ноль; ( the figure or symbol 0, which in the Arabic notation for numbers stands for the absence of quantity; cipher.; the origin of any kind of measurement;; nil; aught; blank;);
zodiac - %%%зодиак; ( an imaginary belt of the heavens, extending about 8° on each side of the ecliptic, within which are the apparent paths of the sun, moon, and principal planets. It contains twelve constellations and hence twelve divisions called signs of the zodiac. Each division, however, because of the precession of the equinoxes, now contains the constellation west of the one from which it took its name.: Compare sign of the zodiac. ; a circular or elliptical diagram representing this belt, and usually containing pictures of the animals, human figures, etc., that are associated with the constellations and signs.; a circuit or round.;; ring; sphere; amphitheater;);
zoology - %%%зоология; ( the science or branch of biology dealing with animals.; a treatise on zoology.; the animal life of a particular region.;; analysis; biology; cytology;);
zipper - %%%молния; ( Also called slide fastener.  a device used for fastening clothing, valises, etc., consisting of two toothed tracks or spiral metal or plastic coils, each bordering one of two edges to be joined, and a piece that either interlocks or separates them when pulled.; a person or thing that zips. ; a rubber and fabric boot or overshoe fastened up the leg by a zipper.;; connection; link; attachment;);
zip - %%%застежка-молния; ( a sudden, brief hissing sound, as of a bullet.; Informal. energy; vim;; oomph; pep; sparkle;);
zone - %%%зона; ( any continuous area that differs in some respect, or is distinguished for some purpose, from adjoining areas, or within which certain distinctive circumstances exist or are established: The decisions were formulated in a zone of uncertainty.  The temperature lies outside the danger zone. ; Geography. any of five great divisions of the earth's surface, bounded by lines parallel to the equator and named according to the prevailing temperature.: Compare North Frigid Zone, North Temperate Zone, South Frigid Zone, South Temperate Zone, Torrid Zone. ; Biogeography. an area characterized by a particular set of organisms, whose presence is determined by environmental conditions, as an altitudinal belt on a mountain.;; area; belt; ground;);
zoo - %%%зоопарк; ( Also called zoological garden.  a parklike area in which live animals are kept in cages or large enclosures for public exhibition.; Informal. a place, activity, or group marked by chaos or unrestrained behavior.; a combining form meaning “living being,” “animal,” used in the formation of compound words: zoometry;; menagerie; wildlife park; zoological garden;);
zenith - %%%зенит; ( the point on the celestial sphere vertically above a given position or observer.: Compare nadir. ; a highest point or state; culmination.;; acme; altitude; apex;);
